My name is Ayoub, I am a student of Telecommunication Engineering in the Higher School of Communications of Tunis (SUP’COM), and I am currently in the last semester of studies. I hereby inform you of my desire to get an engineering internship in your highly estimated company.

I see this possible internship as a great opportunity for my professional future as well as my personal prospects.
Personally, I consider myself as a dynamic, perseverant and creative person which make me a good candidate for this training and I am confident that I will devote myself to your program with a high degree of diligence and seriousness. I believe I am well suited to pursue this curriculum, because of my enthusiasm to contribute to the development of technologies in the world. Since childhood, I was eagerly following state-of-the-art technologies and trying to grasp the knowledge of my interest from various sources. I have also been active in social life by participating in different clubs, associations and volunteer work. Furthermore, SUP'COM has provided me with the right materials and thus has helped me in developing not only my technical expertise but also in strengthening my social skills.

I have a big interest and passion in foreign languages, cultures and their people and it has always been a dream for me to start my professional carreer abroad. But what I have found most instructive in your company is the fact that it has recourse to cutting edge technology and is always motivating engineering students all over the world to develop their skills and knowledge.

To get a step closer to achieving my dreams, I wish to be part of your prestigious company, which I consider, is the best choice to start my career.

I thank you in advance for the attention you will give to study my request, and I remain at your disposal for any interview or questions, which you would consider useful to the finalization of my admission.

Looking forward to your positive answer, please accept the expression of my most respectful greetings.